Workstation docs update (#2)
stackhpc/azimuth-user-docs: docs/platforms/linux-workstation.md

### Advanced
#### Platform monitoring
A [Grafana](https://grafana.com/oss/grafana/) dashboard for system monitoring is included in the platform, and is accessible from the platforms page. General current and historical system information is visible.

#### EESSI

> The [EESSI](http://www.eessi.io/docs/) suite of software is included in the Workstation appliance. This suite includes a diverse collection of toolkits and modules for research computing purposes. More details on the architecture of the EESSI suite can be found [here](http://www.eessi.io/docs/overview/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [EESSI](http://www.eessi.io/docs/) suite of software is included in the Workstation appliance. EESSI includes a diverse collection of toolkits and modules for research computing purposes.
```

> To assess whether the EESSI suite is functioning correctly, you can run some of their demo environments avaliable in the EESSI demo [Github](https://github.com/EESSI/eessi-demo/tree/main) repository. You can clone the repository using the command below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The EESSI demo environments are available in the [EESSI demo Github repository](https://github.com/EESSI/eessi-demo), which can be cloned using the command below:
```

```git clone https://github.com/EESSI/eessi-demo.git```

> As an example, we can run the TensorFlow demo environment to ensure the environment is setup correctly. It is first neccessary to source the EESSI bash environment, to do this please run the following command.

Reviewer: This whole section reads a bit like we assume the environment might not be setup properly, which it should always be, because we're managing that setup.

Can we reword a bit so that it reads a bit more like "this is how to run the TensorFlow demo"?

```source /cvmfs/pilot.eessi-hpc.org/versions/2021.12/init/bash```

This script will initialize the Lua modules for the Software layer in the EESSI stack and source the neccessary environment variables for you to interact with them. To assess whether the script completed successfully, you can try run the ``module avail`` command to list all modules avaliable to you in the environment. A successful initialization should result in an output resembling the one below.

```
[EESSI pilot 2021.12] $ module avail

------ /cvmfs/pilot.eessi-hpc.org/versions/2021.12/software/linux/x86_64/intel/haswell/modules/all ------
   ant/1.10.8-Java-11
   Arrow/0.17.1-foss-2020a-Python-3.8.2
   Bazel/3.6.0-GCCcore-9.3.0
   ...
```

> Now you have a functioning environment, you can begin experimenting with the software included in EESSI. Enter the directory of the EESSI-demo repository we cloned earlier, then enter the TensorFlow directory. 

Reviewer: Could we switch these instructions to the third-person? i.e. Remove "you" and make it impersonal?

Reviewer 2: Think i've addressed most cases of this, please let me know if you find anymore.

```
[EESSI pilot 2021.12] $ ./run.sh 
2023-10-09 13:15:04.546828: I tensorflow/core/common_runtime/process_util.cc:146] Creating new thread pool with default inter op setting: 2. Tune using inter_op_parallelism_threads for best performance.
Epoch 1/5
1875/1875 [==============================] - 5s 3ms/step - loss: 0.2951 - accuracy: 0.9138
Epoch 2/5
1875/1875 [==============================] - 14s 7ms/step - loss: 0.1445 - accuracy: 0.9568
Epoch 3/5
1875/1875 [==============================] - 6s 3ms/step - loss: 0.1070 - accuracy: 0.9669
Epoch 4/5
1875/1875 [==============================] - 3s 2ms/step - loss: 0.0886 - accuracy: 0.9732
Epoch 5/5
1875/1875 [==============================] - 3s 2ms/step - loss: 0.0766 - accuracy: 0.9763
313/313 - 0s - loss: 0.0745 - accuracy: 0.9774

real    0m41.002s
user    2m24.151s
sys     1m54.599s
```
Guides on how to utilise EESSI further can be found [here](http://www.eessi.io/docs/using_eessi/eessi_demos/).

#### Podman

> Podman is a container framework provided in the Workstation appliance for the purpose of installing, managing and developing OCI containers. We **strongly** recommend installing any software you wish to add to the your Workstation via podman, as software installed via the package manager or otherwise located outside of ``/home`` will be removed during image upgrades. In-place upgrades are not supported in the Workstation appliance as to reduce dependancy issues between migrations, instead your ``/home`` directory is kept as a seperate partition and re-mounted after the Workstation has been re-imaged.

Reviewer: Again, third-person here I think - e.g. remove "we recommend" and replace with "it is recommended".

> The podman is syntatically similar to the Docker CLI. For instance, we can build and deploy a Jupyter notebook as an example using Podman and access our deployment in the web interface:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The podman CLI is syntatically similar to the Docker CLI. For instance, we can build and deploy a Jupyter notebook as an example using Podman and access our deployment in the web interface:
```

![Jupyter notebook web interface](/docs/assets/images/jupyter-notebook-interface.png)

As this is a base notebook it won't contain many applications for you to explore, you can find more notebooks to build in the [docker-stacks](https://github.com/jupyter/docker-stacks) repository and re-use our previous steps. If setting up the notebook didn't produce any unexpected behaviour, podman is running correctly in your Workstation appliance. For more advanced information about using podman, you can check out the docs [here](https://docs.podman.io/en/latest/).

#### Apptainer

Apptainer is another container framework included in the Workstation appliance commonly used in HPC applications, we can use it in a similar way to Podman as both frameworks support OCI containers. We can pull OCI images from Docker Hub similar to Podman:

```apptainer run docker://jupyter/base-notebook```

The Apptainer console log should contain an access link to the dashboard like Podman.

> #### Custom Images

Reviewer: I think this probably belongs in a whole new page targeting Azimuth operators rather than end-users.

Reviewer 2: Moved to [this pr](https://github.com/stackhpc/azimuth-config/pull/61)

You can build your own custom images for Azimuth using the 'azimuth-images' repository as a base. To begin exploring, clone the repository as below:

```git clone https://github.com/stackhpc/azimuth-images.git```

You'll notice several different directories here each with their own purpose, for now we wil focus on the ``ansible`` directory. This directory contains playbooks that add configuration and packages to the 'base' images. In the case of a Workstation appliance, base images will typically be an empty Ubuntu image, we use these playbooks to add VNC/Guacamole configuration, Podman and Zenith support allowing these images to be used in the Azimuth ecosystem.

In the ``roles`` directory you can see each indivdual component modularised as Ansible roles, in this architecture we can re-purpose code that we may use on multiple different applicances/images (e.g. Zenith). To make a direct change to the Workstation appliance, we can edit the ``linux-webconsole`` role. To have Ansible install 'GNU Octave' as an example, we need to add a task to the `main.yml` playbook as below:

```
- name: Install Octave
  apt:
    name: octave
    state: present
```

> Now we have modifed the playbook to install another package, we can use 'Packer' to generate the image. Using Packer requires that you have access to a cloud with a floating IP. Assuming this is the case, you need to define a Packer configuration file for the cloud you're building on. The configuration file used for building images on Sausage Cloud (sausage.pkvars.hcl) looks like this:

Reviewer: Link to Packer docs?

The podman is syntatically similar to the Docker CLI. For instance, to setup a basic Apache webserver you can run through the series of commands below:

Pull the Apache image:

```podman pull docker.io/library/httpd```

Query the list locally available images to ensure Apache got pulled correctly:

```podman image ls | grep httpd```

Start the Apache webserver:

```podman run --name apache -p 8080:80 -d httpd```

Query the list of active containers to ensure Apache is running:

```podman ps | grep apache```

Make a request to the Apache webserver to ensure the container is running correctly and is accessible.

```
ubuntu@workstation-ssh:~$ curl localhost:8080
<html><body><h1>It works!</h1></body></html>
```

> If setting up the webserver didn't produce any unexpected behaviour, podman is running correctly in your Workstation appliance. For more advanced information about using podman, you can check out the docs [here](https://docs.podman.io/en/latest/).

Reviewer 3: I would be really tempted to add:

* building an example container and run it (buildah?)
* using that container will apptainer and podman

Reviewer 3: lets use this as an example:
https://github.com/jupyter/docker-stacks/blob/main/images/base-notebook/Dockerfile

And show how to build it locally, then run it with both podman and aptainer, and go into a web browser to see it.
